My name is Amir Yunas.  I'm 37 years old, born and raised in Virginia Beach.  I went to school in George Mason University in the DC area.  I got a degree in Systems Engineering, a generic high level engineering field that focuses on complex systems integration.  I got married a few years later and then we moved overseas to Saudi Arabia where we stayed there for 6 years.  I spent the first few years teaching ESL, and then I went full time studying Arabic and religious studies.  I graduated with a diploma in Arabic Language fundamentals from a prestigious university in Riyadh, the capital of Saudi Arabia.  

I didn't go on to do my bachelors because I was getting home sick and we were ready to go back to the states.  We did have some amazing experiences in Saudi, being able to visit the holy city of Makkah and do pilgrimage there.  Also, being able to sit and learn from the most knowledgable religious scholars truly had a major effect on me and my outlook on life.  We also enjoyed experiencing life in a foreign country, where we had the chance to eat different types of foods, and practice our Arabic speaking skills.  

We first moved back to Virginia with my parents, but we decided that it was best for us to check out Dallas, Texas, where my wife's family lived.  So after a couple months in Va. Beach, we moved to Dallas, and we felt it was the right place for us.  So we have been here ever since. 

Since my time in Dallas, I have been getting back in the swing of things, trying to establish a career in I.T. trying to work on my health and wellness, and getting acquainted with the city.  I did some Uber/Lyft driving for about a year and a half, and I still do it as needed off and on.  I was also learning Amazon Web Services, where I was recently able to obtain 4 certifications. 

I noticed however, that as I was learning to become a Cloud Engineer, that there was a major gap in my coding skills.  I found that a lot of the jobs I was looking at required some level of coding experience.  I too felt that I would like to learn coding, not only for my professional career, but also to be able to build cool things that could one day help society and other good purposes.  After all, we use apps everyday, and being able to build and contribute to apps would truly be a fulfilling endeavor.

For these reasons, I started looking into learning coding, which quickly lead me to researching coding bootcamps.  In a post on medium, I wrote about My Journey to Lambda School.  I sure am glad that I made this life changing decision to join this amazing community!

I enjoy learning probably more than anything.  I feel that if I'm not learning something new everyday, that I'm missing out.  I enjoy learning about IT, religion, finance news, psychology, history, amongst other things.  I also enjoy  biking to stay in shape.  I recently purchased a 2019 Giant Defy Endurance bike and loving it!  I'm also blessed to have an amazing family, with wife and two fiesty boys.  More to come, (God Willingly) sإن شاء الله

As far as favorite pets, I love cats, bunnies, turtles, and fish.  Once we get our own place, I hope to have at least a pet cat.  